- [Frank] So now that we've have gone
through several iterations of asynchronous messaging
in a microservices architecture,
you may want to know what your next steps are.
Before we get there, however,
I'd like to do a little bit of a recap
of what we talked about.
First and foremost, we talked about asynchronous messaging
as a pattern and what it looks like and what it does.
We talked about interservice communication patterns
like point-to-point and pub-sub models.
We then discussed event-driven systems
and the power behind driving events
through asynchronous messaging.
Then we talked about one of my favorite topics,
which is the stream data platform,
and how much power it can bring,
especially in a microservices-based system.
And finally, we talked a little bit about
some of the unique data use cases that really benefit
from an asynchronous messaging platform
that can be provided through microservices architecture.
I would advise you that if you really
want to get good at this, work with it.
Start small.
Build up an asynchronous process
and start playing with all of the things
that come with that.
The error states, the overhead,
as well as the benefits and the improved efficiencies.
Find a pattern that works in your work environment
or your personal environment and execute on it.
Then, as I mentioned previously, watch for errors.
I can't stress this enough.
Errors are critical in an asynchronous messaging platform
and you must identify them and deal with them.
I do want to thank you for your time with me in this course.
This is an architectural shift for many people
and one not to be taken lightly,
so I really do appreciate your time.
I want to offer myself up for any questions you may have.
Please use the Q&A section here on LinkedIn Learning
or reach out to me on Twitter, GitHub or Stack Overflow
under the username fpmoles.
I hope you found value in this course
and can use it to solve some real-world problems
in your microservices-based system.
Thanks again.